.gitignore
BingSiteAuth.xml
README.md
articles/armlifting.html
articles/cereal.html
articles/cereal_part_one.html
articles/cereal_part_two.html
articles/cholesterol.html
articles/energyPower.html
articles/execution.html
articles/free_weights.html
articles/talent_vs_hard_work.html
articles/water.html
calcs/endurance_calculator.html
calcs/fat_calculator.html
calcs/lbm_calculator.html
calcs/passwd.html
calcs/powerEndurance.html
calcs/symmetric_strength.html
drills/deadlift.html
drills/dip.html
drills/frontSquat.html
drills/goodMorning.html
drills/lunge.html
drills/militaryPress.html
drills/overheadSquat.html
drills/pullUp.html
drills/renegadeRow.html
drills/romanianDeadlift.html
drills/squat.html
drills/sumoDeadlift.html
en/calcs/symmetric_strength.html
en/index.html
en/views/art_code_of_ethics_en.html
en/views/art_index_en.html
en/views/charge.html
en/views/codeOfEthics.html
en/views/hallOfStrength.html
en/views/headquarter.html
en/views/missing.html
en/views/platoon.html
general_topics/28_dollars_only.html
id
index.html
js/controller/commentController.js
js/controller/commentController.min.js
js/controller/enduranceController.js
js/controller/enduranceController.min.js
js/controller/fatController.js
js/controller/fatController.min.js
js/controller/lbmController.js
js/controller/lbmController.min.js
js/controller/messageController.js
js/controller/messageController.min.js
js/controller/movementsController.js
js/controller/siteVisits.js
js/controller/siteVisits.min.js
js/controller/strengthController.js
js/controller/subscribeController.js
js/controller/subscribeController.min.js
js/js/bootstrap.min.js
js/js/jquery.js
js/js/jquery.simplePagination.js
js/js/shBrushCss.js
js/js/shBrushJScript.js
js/js/shBrushXml.js
js/js/shCore.js
js/libs/dataTables.bootstrap.min.js
js/libs/imagesloaded.pkgd.min.js
js/libs/infinite-scroll.pkgd.min.js
js/libs/jquery-1.12.4.min.js
js/libs/jquery.dataTables.min.js
js/libs/lightslider.js
js/libs/masonry.pkgd.min.js
js/libs/md5.min.js
js/models/clientModel.js
js/models/clientModel.min.js
js/models/enduranceModel.js
js/models/enduranceModel.min.js
js/models/fatModel.js
js/models/fatModel.min.js
js/models/lbmModel.js
js/models/lbmModel.min.js
js/models/magnificPopup.js
js/models/magnificPopup.min.js
js/models/strengthModel.js
js/models/visitCounter.js
js/services/authService.js
js/services/commentService.js
js/services/commentService.min.js
js/services/defer.js
js/services/messageService.js
js/services/messageService.min.js
js/services/remoteService.js
js/services/remoteService.min.js
js/services/subscribeService.js
js/services/subscribeService.min.js
js/services/userService.js
package-lock.json
package.json
password
server.js
static/fonts/AbrilFatface-Regular.otf
static/fonts/Archive.otf
static/fonts/Gross Regular.ttf
static/fonts/Intro Inline.otf
static/fonts/MKStencilsansBlack.ttf
static/fonts/MatchbookTexture.otf
static/fonts/MullerNarrow-ExtraBold.otf
static/fonts/MullerNarrow-Light.otf
static/fonts/Roboto-Regular.ttf
static/fonts/Top Secret.ttf
static/fonts/pt-serif-italic.ttf
static/images/Cholesterol3D.png
static/images/Elitsa-action_380.jpg
static/images/Elitsa-action_Lisbon.jpg
static/images/Thumbs.db
static/images/battlefield-cross.png
static/images/cereal.png
static/images/daniela_kenanova.jpg
static/images/deadlift.png
static/images/denis.png
static/images/denis_axel.png
static/images/denis_axel_three.png
static/images/denis_axel_two.png
static/images/denis_axle_4.png
static/images/denis_end.png
static/images/denis_excalibur.png
static/images/denis_excalibur_2.png
static/images/denis_pinch.png
static/images/denis_pinch_2.png
static/images/denis_rolling.png
static/images/denis_rolling_three.png
static/images/denis_rolling_two.png
static/images/denis_silver.png
static/images/denis_silver_2.png
static/images/denis_winner.png
static/images/deyan_vasilev.jpg
static/images/georgi_simeonov.jpg
static/images/glass_of_water.png
static/images/harpenden.png
static/images/logo.png
static/images/logo_american_flag.png
static/images/loz4 (1 of 1).jpg
static/images/lubomir_krustev.jpg
static/images/maria_georgieva.jpg
static/images/muscle-male-exercising-kettlebel copy.png
static/images/noimage.png
static/images/p_CA0408_01_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_01_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_01_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_01_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_02_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_02_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_02_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0408_02_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_01_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_01_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_01_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_01_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_02_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_02_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_02_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_02_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_15_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_15_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_15_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA0425_15_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_01_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_01_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_01_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_01_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_46_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_46_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_46_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6401_46_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6663_02243_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6663_02243_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6663_02243_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CA6663_02243_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CQ6421_60_1_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CQ6421_60_2_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CQ6421_60_7_1 copy.jpg
static/images/p_CQ6421_60_8_1 copy.jpg
static/images/print_ready_logo_vertical.png
static/images/pull-dip.png
static/images/pull_web.png
static/images/push_web.png
static/images/saxon1_orig.png
static/images/shido.png
static/images/shido2.png
static/images/skinfold-caliper.png
static/images/top_arrow_left.png
static/images/top_arrow_right.png
static/images/us.png
static/images/us2.png
static/images/us3.png
static/images/us4.png
static/images/us5.png
static/images/us6.png
static/images/us8 (3 of 1).jpg
static/images/us9 (3 of 1).jpg
static/images/us__3_of_1_-removebg.png
static/images/vegetables.png
static/images/wounded_warrior.png
static/images/wrist-size.png
static/images/yavor.jpg
static/images/zdravko_raichev.jpg
styles/css/SyntaxHighlighter.css
styles/css/bootstrap.css
styles/css/bootstrap.min.css
styles/css/docs.css
styles/css/docs.min.css
styles/css/font-awesome.css
styles/css/font-awesome.min.css
styles/css/testimonials.css
styles/css/testimonials.min.css
styles/fonts/FontAwesome.otf
styles/fonts/fontawesome-webfont.eot
styles/fonts/fontawesome-webfont.svg
styles/fonts/fontawesome-webfont.ttf
styles/fonts/fontawesome-webfont.woff
styles/libs/bootstrap.min.css
styles/libs/font-awesome.min.css
styles/libs/lightslider.css
styles/styles.css
styles/styles.css.map
styles/styles.less
styles/styles.min.css
views/403.html
views/404.html
views/about.html
views/athlete_oath.html
views/blanks.html
views/blog.html
views/blog_grid.html
views/blog_page2.html
views/blog_page3.html
views/calculators.html
views/code_of_ethics.html
views/contact.html
views/drafts.html
views/drills.html
views/drills_page_2.html
views/drills_page_3.html
views/ellie.html
views/food.html
views/forms.html
views/gallery.html
views/gear.html
views/identity.html
views/passwd.html
views/policy.html
views/price.html
views/rules.html
views/sitemap.html
views/sitemap.xml
views/standards.html
views/strength_hall.html
views/terms.html
views/test.html
views/testimonials.html
views/training.html
views/video.html
views/video_grid.html
views/yavor.html
